Add organizations article (#202)
JupiterOne/docs: docs/integrations/aws/organizations.md

# AWS Organizations

The JupiterOne Application supports the ability to ingest multiple AWS Accounts

> that are managed by AWS Organizations through a single Integration *Create Configuration*. 

Reviewer: I'm a little thrown off by the `*Create Configuration*` at the end of this sentence. What is the intent?

![aws-organizations-configure-checkbox](../../../assets/aws-organizations-configure-checkbox.png)

## Organizations Setup

Before selecting the checkbox, you will want to make sure that each of your AWS

> sub-accounts is configured with the same JupiterOne IAM role, policies, and

Reviewer: I wonder if we should drive toward the nomenclature, "AWS organization accounts is configured", or perhaps better, "each AWS account in the organization". It is quite confusing to me in the code to see the term "sub account" now that I've looked at https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/faqs/ and see no reference to the term.

external trust ID. If using Terraform, there is a setup option *Using Terraform*

> under *Setup Instructions*. 

Reviewer: It would be good to link to this content, especially since I cannot search this document and find it.

For more detailed instructions, see 
[How can I add/configure all the sub-accounts in my AWS Organization?](https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360026412494-AWS-Specific-Questions#howcaniaddconfigureallthesubaccountsinmyawsorganization)
under the AWS Specific Questions article. Once all sub-accounts are configured 
correctly in AWS, if you check the option *Configure Organization Accounts*, 
data for each sub-account will be pulled into your JupiterOne account.

> To exclude an sub-account, you can assign the tag `j1-integration:SKIP` to that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude an AWS account, you can assign the tag `j1-integration:SKIP` to that 
```

specific account within AWS Organizations. See the question 
[How can I skip certain sub-accounts when auto-configuring my AWS Organization?](https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360026412494-AWS-Specific-Questions#howcaniskipcertainsubaccountswhenautoconfiguringmyawsorganization)

### Account Email Address Property 

The CIS Benchmark expects that a contact email is associated with an AWS account
in the case of a breach or security compromise. The `email` property for an

> `aws_account` is only ingested if the AWS Organizations integration is configured. 

Reviewer: This is a little confusing I think because I wonder if there is another integration that needs to be set up. Could it be:
```suggestion
`aws_account` is only ingested when an AWS integration configuration for the master account has the box checked to enable auto configuration of AWS Organization accounts. 
```

[How do I change the email address that's associated with my AWS account?](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/change-email-address/)

## Properties 

The following properties are created on the master account and sub-accounts:

| Properties                                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `accountId`: The unique identifier (ID) of the account                    |
| `active`: True or false value if the status is equal to active            |
| `arn`: The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the account                      |
| `displayName`: The friendly name of the account (multiple values)         |
| `email`: The email address associated with the AWS account                |
| `id`: The unique identifier (ID) of the account                           |
| `joinedMethod`: The method by which the account joined the organization   |
| `joinedOn`: The date the account became a part of the organization        |
| `name`: The friendly name of the account                                  |

> | `orgAccountArn`: Amazon resource name of the master account               |
> | `orgAccountName`: The friendly name of the master account (gap)           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `orgAccountArn`: The ARN of this Account within the Organization           |
| `orgAccountName`: The name of this Account as seen in the Organizations UI |
```
